>> Brian Holt: So back to our eslint.json.
>> Brian Holt: So,
we're gonna create a file here,
this one we do have to
configure a little bit.
So, the first one we say is extends, and
we get an array of things that extends,
right?
So this is like sets of rules to use.
So, the first one that I'm gonna
say is use eslint:recommended.
>> Brian Holt: Then we're gonna
use prettier and prettier/react.
>> Brian Holt: So, what is extends, right?
So ESLint is configurable
down to the rule, right?
So there is probably hundreds of
rules that you can use with ESLint.
We're going to be using, basically,
like the bare minimum set here,
which is eslint:recommended.
Like everything in eslint:recommended
everyone should be running all the time.
I don't think it's a controversial
opinion to state, right?
It's a pretty bare minimum set of things,
like don't have variables
that you never use.
That's one of them, right?
Or don't use with or
something like that, right, which is like
a super old construct in JavaScript.
Now, there is a bunch of ESLint configs,
right?
There's standard,
which I taught previously before.
There's airbnb,
which is one that I taught as well before.
And those ones are much more opinionated.
And so I've kind of just started
using esl recommended because, again,
it kind of goes along with my methodology
that anytime that you introduce friction
to a developers' ecosystem,
they start writing codes
slower because they're fighting with
tools instead of writing code, right?
So, in general,
I want developers to write code however
it flows into their brain, right?
And not hinder them, and
only hinder them on things that
are totally necessary, right?
So this will catch bugs, but
it's not gonna force you to
write code in a specific way.
Does that make sense?
And how opinionated you wanna
get about that is up to you.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so this is those,
we're gonna say plugins.
We're not gonna give it any plugins
right now, but just lets go ahead and
put that in there,
we will put some in there later.
>> Brian Holt: ParserOptions,
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
the ecmaVersion we're gonna be using,
let's do 2018.
>> Brian Holt: So we're gonna be using the
latest version of it that it understands,
which is 2018.
I don't think 2019 is quite out yet.
SourceType.
We're gonna be using modules,
ecmaFeatures,
we're gonna be using jsx, which is to true
>> Brian Holt: So, ecmaVersion 2018,
this means we can use
things like async/await,
we can use things like things like that.
Module means that we're gonna be using
import and export, right, es modules.
EcmaFeatures, jsx in a second,
we're gonna be writing jsx here.
So we're just going to put that
in there so it understands that.
And then two more things
down here at the bottom.
Env, we're going to be using es6,
so it's not going
to choke on things like a async/await,
for example.
>> Brian Holt: So, es6 true,
one of them is going to be browser true.
So this means there's going to be
things like setTimeout and document and
window and things like that.
And node, cuz eventually we will be
writing node later in this class.
So, don't choke on things like HTTP and
require, and things like that.
So these are your defining
global variables, okay?
I use this ESLint file frequently,
so this is a pretty good just
like baseline ESLint file,
it's not super opinionated.
Okay, next thing I want you to
do inside of your package.json,
we're gonna put another command in here.
And put lint,
>> Brian Holt: And
we're going to put eslint, and
we're going to put that inside of.
>> Brian Holt: Quotes here,
and we're going to put it
in everything inside of src**/*.js and
jsx.
Except we're not even gonna do jsx
today in terms of pass, whatever,
you can leave it like that.
That's what my notes have.
And then you can put in here --quiet,
it's kind of noisy and
quiet just kind of removes
some of the noise from that.
>> Brian Holt: So, now,
whenever we run ESLint,
it's gonna run ESLint across
our app.js file as well.
But whatever js files we put in there,
it will run.
>> Brian Holt: So,
just to kinda prove my point to you,
we're gonna say npm run lint.
>> Brian Holt: And
looks like we have something.
Which we should, right?
It says react is not defined because it
doesn't know where react is coming from.
>> Brian Holt: So,
if we come into our app.js,
it's gonna say, hey, what's react?
I don't know what that is.
So where did that come from?
Which is what it should say, right?
Because it doesn't know.
>> Brian Holt: So, we'll fix that here
in a second, but now this is working.
Now, again,
I don't run that npm run lint command
very often because now it's just
inside of my editor, right?
I can see that red underline, I can
hover over and say, this is not defined,
you need to fix this.
So, I'm gonna show you
how to do that as well.
There's an extension for all major
editors, but coming here to extensions,
search for one called ESLint,
and it's this one.
Which has about almost 20 million
downloads, so install that one as well and
that should just work.
So, once we have the ESLint 1
installed here, ESLint, like that,
you should start seeing these
things inside of your editor.
>> Brian Holt: So,
if you don't like ESLint 1, you should,
cuz I think it's a great tool.
It's, again, one of my favorites.
Cuz it really does help me to be
a more productive developer, right?
If I say things like const x = 5 and
then never use it later,
it's going to say, hey,
no one used variables, right?
You created this very well and you never
use it, so why do you have it, right?
And often that's a case of,
let's say, I went down here and
I accidentally set React.createElement(Ap)
with one P, right?
It's gonna say,
I don't know what that is, right?
So, it immediately highlights
these errors like this, or
if I put three Ps in there or
something like that.
It helps me catch a lot of really common
dumb errors like that very quickly.
As opposed to when I go to
play into production and
everything crashes because I put an extra
P in there, not that I've ever done that.
So, big fan.
So, I like ESLint because
it's very extensible.
So you and
I can both write custom ESLint rules.
When I worked at Netflix,
we had a ton of custom ESLint rules.
But there are other tools,
one of them would be JSHint
which has been around forever.
There's JSLint which
Douglas Crockford created.
But I'll just say that ESLint
is very much the standard and
it's the one I suggest that you use.
>> Brian Holt: It's actually been
adopted by the JS Foundation,
which used to be the jQuery Foundation and
is now called the OpenJS Foundation, so.